<div class="hhhh"><center>
<h4>Classic Lost Chronicles File #003</h4>
<h2>How THIEF Stole Sinimas</h2>
<h6>Written by Sinistar & Psycho The Mantis</h6>
</center></div>

Hornet Man, Galaxy Man, Concrete Man and Jewel Woman II are all sitting in a room watching the Nintendo Direct Nintendomas Special on TV.

Iwata: Hello, everyone. This is Iwata from Nintendo. As you've recalled in our last Nintendo Direct, we have successfully taken over Japan and named it Nintendoland. Today as a Nintendomas gift for everyone who's watching this, we will take over the North Pole and turn it into Nintendoland 2 as part of our plot to take over the world.

Wii U: HEY YOU HAVE A FUCKING VIDEO CALL HOLY SHIT

Iwata: *rushes to the Wii U; picks up the gamepad and accepts the call*

Music: DODODOOOO DODODOOOOO

*Reggie appears on screen*

Iwata: Hi Reggie!!!

Reggie: Hello Mr. Iwata! Merry Nintendomas! *eats a gingerbread cookie*

*Camera slowly zooms in revealing that the cookie is in a shape of "FUCK LUIGI'S MANSION"*

Iwata: You too!!! *punches a hole in the wall and pulls out Luigi*

Luigi: *kicks Iwata and does his Final Smash by dancing; the dancing creates a huge inverted void that makes anyone in it dizzy*

Iwata: Woah *gets dizzy*

Luigi: *escapes*

Reggie: Oh...

Iwata: Oh well! We'll get him later! Let's draw!!

Reggie: *draws a giant heart* :)

Iwata: *writes I LOVE...*

Reggie: :D

Iwata: *...NINTENDOMAS*

Reggie: :D...:)... I agree... I love Nintendomas...

Galaxy Man turns off the TV.

Hornet: HEY! WHAT THE FUCK, NOT THIS SHIT AGAIN!

Galaxy: Must. Steal. All. Presents.

Galaxy Man lifts up the TV and yanks the plug out of the wall. He shuffles away like a zombie.

Hornet: GOD DAMN IT, GET BACK HERE YA LITTLE SHIT!

Hornet Man sprints out of the room while Magma Man walks in.

Magma: WATCH WHERE YOU’RE GOING YOU LITTLE WHIPPER SNAPS!

Concrete: What’s with you?

Magma: What are you all doing sitting around on your butts? Are you trying to be SPIKE MEN? GET BACK TO WORK!

Magma Man drop kicks the Sinimas tree and storms out of the room.

Concrete: What a dick!

Jewel Woman II: Are they always like this on Christma- I mean Sinimas?

Concrete: I don’t know; this is our first one together.

Jewel Woman II: Oh! Ohhhh! What do you have planned?

Concrete: Nothin'.

Jewel Woman II: NOTHING!? B-b-but Chri-Sinimas time is wonderful! All the gifts and sweets and friends and cheer! What’s not to like?

Concrete: I’ve never really celebrated it. I was always either in prison or therapy this time of year.

Jewel Woman II: That’s terrible!

Concrete: Well, whatcha gonna do.

Concrete Man shrugs and takes a sip of his eggnog. A bird flies in through the window, grabs the eggnog and flies out.

Concrete: WHAT! SON OF A-! I’LL KILL YOU, BIRD BRAIN!

Concrete Man jumps out the window firing concrete shots.

Jewel Woman II: Well! If they don’t know the true meaning of the spirit of the season, I’m just going to have to teach them! This is going to be the best Sinichristmas ever!

<script src="../../assets/js/replacediv.js"></script>
<script src="../../assets/js/mugshots.js"></script>
