<center>
<h2>Cyborg Classics</h2>
<h4>Classic Season 1 Episode 8</h4>
<h2>Bii Wara Wara</h2>
<h6>Written by Psycho The Mantis</h6>
</center>

<center>
<a href="#act-1" class="EpButtons">Act 1</a>
<a href="#act-2" class="EpButtons">Act 2</a>
<a href="#act-3" class="EpButtons">Act 3</a>
<a href="#act-4" class="EpButtons">Act 4</a>
</center>

EpStart


## <a id="act-1"></a> ACT I
- - -

Iwata: Hello, everyone. This is Iwata from Nintendo. Today I'd like to take about 20 minutes to talk about how you no good Americans won't get Animal Crossing.

%(Iwata takes out a juice box)

Iwata: Also, I have a guest today. It's Reggie from Nintendo of America.

%(Reggie enters the room and Iwata hands him the juice box)

%(Reggie begins drinking from the juicebox)

%(There was silence as the camera slowly zooms in on the juice box, revealing that it says "Fuck Animal Crossing")

%(Shigeru Miyamoto aka Shiggy enters the room)

Shiggy: Hello. I am Shigeru Miyamoto and I am the creator of many successful franchises such as Mario and Zelda. Also, fuck Animal Crossing. I need to take a shit.

Shiggy: [takes a shitty and wipes his ass with Animal Crossing]

Iwata: New Mario Party coming soon. [punches a hole in the wall and pulls Tom Nook out of there]

Tom Nook: N-No! Wait! I have family! KK Slider, do something!

KK Slider: Fuck animal crossing go to hell

Reggie: [gunz Tom Nook and slices his head off]

%(Everyone in the room is now throwing a party)

Tom Nook's head: [is used as the dart board]

Iwata: [throws 2 darts and they both hit an eye of Tom Nook's]

Reggie: [takes out a photo of-

GalaxyPissed: That's it! ヽ(ｏ`皿′ｏ)ﾉ [turns off the TV]

HornetAngry: WHAT THE FUCK

MagmaAngry: HEY! It was getting to the good part!

GalaxyAnnoyed: Dude, the city is under attack. (´Д` )

HornetGlare: GOOD! WE DON'T GIVE A SHIT!

Galaxy: ヽ(≧Д≦)ノ [smashes the TV]

HornetGlare: ...

HornetAnnoyed: ...

Hornet: . . .

HornetShocked: **. . .**

PlugAnnoyed: uh oh this is not good I think!!!

HornetShocked: YOU

HornetShocked: LITTLE

HornetAngry: FUCKING

HornetAngry: PRICKHEAD

HornetPissed: **RAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHH**

GalaxyShocked: uh oh [runs] (」゜ロ゜)」

HornetAngry: [catches up and beats the living shit out of Galaxy Man] THAT TV FUCKING COSTED ME A LOT YOU FUCKING JACKASS!! WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU HAVE TO SAY FOR YOURSELF, YA LITTLE SHIT?

GalaxyDamaged: s.s..s..sor-

HornetAngry: I CAN'T FUCKING HEAR YOU

GalaxyDamaged: sorry... (。ヘ°)

HornetAngry: [PUNCHES HIM IN THE FACE] **LOUDER!!**

SpikeAnnoyed: [walks in] What is this!

HornetShocked: HE FUCKING DESTROYED OUR EXPENSIVE TV!

SpikeAngry: Guys, leave Galaxy Man alone. I mean he has done great things for the team.

MagmaAnnoyed: Oh yeah right! All he did the other day was playing with a toy train and ate cereal while we needed help.

Spike: Umm...

PlugAnnoyed: And he thought I was a spy from another team because I'm french!!!

Spike: Well...

Red Planet: Fuckin shitcocks

Spike: Uh...

HornetShocked: AND HE FUCKING BROKE MY GOD DAMNED TV!! YOU CALL THAT GREAT THINGS?

Spike: But...

HornetAngry: SHUT THE FUCK UP! [grabs Galaxy Man]

GalaxyDamaged: [gulp]

HornetAngry: Listen here you little shit. You better get your ass to the store and buy my new TV...

GalaxyDamaged: Y-Y-Ye-

HornetPissed: THAT WASN'T A QUESTION! [throws Galaxy Man out of the window]

GalaxyDamaged: ow my everything... ٩(×̯×)۶

HornetPissed: IF I DON'T HAVE MY NEW TV AND SEE YOUR FUCKING FACE AGAIN, I WILL FUCKING MURDER YOU! NOW GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE AND BUY ME THE TV!!

GalaxyDamaged: [runs] （゜◇゜）

HornetGlare: Yeah, you better run.

SpikeAnnoyed: So, are we gonna save the city or what?

HornetAnnoyed: UGHHHH FINEEEEEE

## <a id="act-2"></a> ACT II
- - -

%LOCATION: Robotropolis

Spike: Here we are! Let's save the city!

MagmaAnnoyed: Huh?

Tornado: event uncertain

Fake: The city looks fine to me.

HornetGlare: ... ...

JewelAnnoyed: Uh, guys. I think we found the "problem"... [points at the theif]

Theif: I am a bad guy who still steals things!

Magma: Wait, guys! It's Theif from the hit video game THEIF!

Splash: I don't get it. Didn't Theif-san died?

PlugAnnoyed: And couldn't the police just handle it themselves?

MagmaAnnoyed: Yeah, what's the big deal?

HornetShocked: [eye twiching] ... ...GALAXY MAN... DID NOT JUST... ...

Spike: Well, what are you waiting for? LET'S CATCH THAT THEIF!

HornetAngry: ... ... ... MY TV BROKE ... ... ... BECAUSE OF ... ... ... A FUCKING DUMB BANK ROBBERY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!??!?!?!

Theif: You'll never get me alive this time suckers! Ha ha ha ha ha!

HornetPissed: [screams real loud] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!

%(The scream can be heard throughout the whole city and even the whole world)

HornetPissed: [from a distance] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!

%(All of the glass around Galaxy Man shatters from the loud scream)

Galaxy: L（゜◇゜）」 ...[drops the newly bought TV and it breaks]

GalaxyShocked: ...Uh no! ( *ﾟﾛﾟ*) [runs back to store]

%Elsewhere..

HornetPissed: [from a distance] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!

Roomoo: What the...

%(ROOMoo's room (haha geddit) shakes as if there's a very violent earthquake)

Roomoo: WHAT'S GOING ON?! SNAKETOOTH YOU BETTER NOT BE DOING SOMETHING STUPID!!

Snaketooth: hunh but im not doing anything

%(And then the entire house collaspes)

Snaketooth: [pops out of the debris] holy moly whats going on?!

Roomoo: [pops out of the debris] I DON'T KNOW BUT IT'S PISSING ME OFF!! TWO CAN PLAY AT THIS GAME!!! [screams as loud as he can]

ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

%Elsewhere in the skies...

HornetPissed: [from a distance] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!

Roomoo (from a distance): ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

%[A plane breaks in half from the colliding sound waves and crashes into an island]

%[LOST INTRO THEME]

%Elsewhere

GalaxyAngry: [walks out with another TV] Man, that was a waste of money! ヘ（´ｏ｀）ヘ

HornetPissed: [from a distance] AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!

Roomoo (from a distance): ROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!

%(TV FUCKING EXPLODES. HOLY SHIT)

Galaxy: ...

GalaxyScared: (((( ;°Д°))))

GalaxyAnnoyed: ⊙０⊙

%(Galaxy Man rushed back to the store and attempts to buy another TV but instead ALL of the TVs explodes before he could even pick one)

GalaxyScared: ( ꒪Д꒪)

GalaxyScared: (꒪Д꒪ )

GalaxyScared: \(꒪Д꒪)/ [writes a will]

%(Back to where the team are at)

%(Everyone including the Theif looks at Hornet Man in shock)

HornetPissed: [gets hit by a collasping steet lamp but is unphased from that] ... ... ...

MagmaShocked: Woah...

HornetAngry: ... ... ...HHEHEHEHEHMHMHMHM

PlugScared: uh oh this is not good I think!!! part 2: THE QUICKENING

HornetAngry: HAHAHAHAHA.... HAAAAAAAAAAAA HA HA HA HA HAAAAAAAAAAAAA.... [sends a sworm of bees and they all attack Theif]

Theif: NO! NOT THE BEES! AGHH!!! MAKE IT STOP!! [RUNS]

HornetAngry: [chases after Theif] BULLET BEES!!! AHAHAHAHAA [SENDS FLESH EATING BEES AT THEIF]

Theif: AGHHAUUGHHHHAAAUGHHAAAGHHHHHH!!!! THE PAIN!!! [dies]

TornadoShocked: over death extreme

PlugShocked: MON DIEU! I can't BEElieve what I've just seen!

Audience: (laughter)

HornetAngry: TOMMY GUN! [SHOOTS THE AUDIENCE]

Audience: (screams)

HornetAngry: GRENADE! [throws a grenade that's made of bees at his teammates]

JewelAngry: ...!! Jewel Satellite! [a bunch of jewels circles around the team like a shield and deflects the grenade back to Hornet Man]

%[BOOM]

HornetShocked: OOGH! I'LL BE BACK! GALAXY MAN... I'M COMING FOR YA [forms a giant swarm of bees and runs through the streets causing rampage in his path]

FakeSnicker: I can't BEElieve he BEEtrayed us like that!

Only surviving audience member: Thank god the theif got BOOTed.

PlugAnnoyed: I don't get it.

JewelAnnoyed: How was that a bee pun?

%[a left over bee swarm attacks the survivor and eats his flesh]

Only surviving audience member: EYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH [DIES]

SpikeAnnoyed: Come on, guys. No more puns! We've got to stop Psycho from harming more innocent people!

MagmaAnnoyed: Yeesh. Why did you have to BEE such a BUZZkill?

%(The team goes after Hornet Man)


## <a id="act-3"></a> ACT III
- - -

GalaxySad: 〆(꒪Д꒪ ) [finishes will]

GalaxyShocked: [hears a noise] （゜◇゜）

GalaxyScared: (((( ;°Д°))))

GalaxyScared: ((((°Д°; ))))

Galaxy: [walks towards the source of the noise] (´＿｀)...

%(It's a surviving TV.)

GalaxyHappy: ヽ(；▽；)ノ

%(Just kidding. The screen is all cracked and the image doesn't work.)

GalaxySad: ...ノ(；д；)ヽ

%(At least the sound is working... kind of.)

Galaxy: ┐('～'；)┌

???: YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS MR. bztbzzzt]]!!! [EXPLODES] THE-END-END-END-END...

???2: We [bzzt] now [bzzt] doing kicking ass [bzzt] requests. Call [bzztbzzt] at [bzzt] 1-800-FUCK-YOU [bzzt] recommend [bzzt] how we should kick ass and [bzztbzzztbzzzzzzt]

GalaxyHappy: ヽ(‘∇‘)ノ

???: Remember, [bzztbzzzzzzzzzzt] take a few requests [bzztbzt] per day. [bzztbzzzt]

%(TV finally dies. RIP TV our best friend...)

GalaxyShocked: （゜◇゜） ! [rushes to the phone booth]

%Meanwhile...

HornetAngry: HEHEHEEHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHHHMHMHMHHMHMHMHMHMHMHMHHMM [storms through the city with his army of BEEZ] HAHAHAHAAHAAAAAAAAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

Bystanders: [caught in the swarm getting stung constantly] AHGHHHHHH!!!

HornetAngry: GALAXY MAN WHERE AREE YOUUUU HMHMHMHMHMHMHHMHM

PlugAnnoyed: [sneaking]

HornetShocked: [turns around] !!

PlugShocked: !

HornetShocked: Are you following me?! HMMMM....????

PlugScared: no! im just a plug ignore me!! definitely not a distrashun!!!

HornetShocked: HMHMHMHMHMM...??????

PlugScared: i donet really exist im just ur imagination!!

HornetAngry: DO YOU THINK I'M STUPID, PUNK?! [creates a giant swarm of bees]

PlugShocked: uh oh this is not good I think!!! part 3: snake eater

HornetPissed: I HOPE YOU LIKE MY BULLET BEEZ, BITCH!!!

%(Suddenly a tornado appeared and takes all of the bees)

HornetAngry: Wait... WHAT?!

%(And then all of the bees in the tornado catches on fire)

HornetAngry: HOLY FUCK! WHAT'S GOING ON?!?!?! NO!!! STOP!!!!! AGGHHHHH!!!!! [gets sucked into the tornado]

%(The tornado then dies off. RIP burning tornado)

HornetAngry: [falls to the ground all burned up] ...

TornadoHappy: hornet craze end [high fives Magma Man]

MagmaHappy: Hell yeah! [high fives Tornado Man]

SpikeHappy: Great work, team. Now let's take him back to our base and...

HornetDamaged: [stands up] ehehehe...ehehEHEHEHEHE...

MagmaShocked: WHAT?

HornetDamaged: EEHEHEHEHAHAHAHAHA... HAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHA... HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHAAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA...

SpikeShocked: What is this!

SplashAngry: [runs towards Hornet Man and stabs him with the trident]

HornetDamaged: ... [looks at the trident sticking out of his body] [grabs it and PULLS IT OUT and throws it back at Splash Man]

SplashShocked: Ack! [gets stuck to the wall with the trident embeded to it] Help!!

MagmaShocked: Oh no! Dimey!

HornetDamaged: THE PAIN!!!!!! [surrounds himself in bees acting as his armor and then creates a bigger swarm of bees than the previous] HMHMHMHMAHAHAHAHAHA

PlugScared: He has gone insane in da membrane!!!!

HornetDamaged: ATTACK THEM!! [sends the gigantic swarm of bees towards the team]

JewelAngry: [shielding the team with the Jewel Satellite]

MagmaAngry: There's too many of them! [burning the bees]

HornetRelieved: Now to make my escape and I'm gonna KILLLLLLLLLLLLLL Galaxy Man. HAHAHAHAHAHA [escapez]

SpikeShocked: Gah! The bees are a distraction! We gotta save Galaxy Man ASAP!

%Meanwhile

GalaxyHappy: [walks out of the phone booth] (＾▽＾)

Galaxy: [looks around] (‘∇‘ )

Galaxy: ( ‘∇‘)

GalaxyHappy: [sees no bees] ヽ(^∇^)ﾉ

???: psst, hey

GalaxyShocked: ('～'；) ????

Bee: yo sup

GalaxyScared: ヽ（゜ロ゜；）ノ

Bee: that psycho hornet guy is COMBin' for ya

GalaxyScared: ((꒪Д꒪ ))

Bee: yo better run and save your BEEhind

GalaxyScared: ((((°Д°; ))))

Bee: so WING it [flies away]

GalaxyScared: (((( ;°Д°)))) [goes to find a hiding spot]

GalaxyScared: [hears a swarm of bees from the distance] !! ((((((((꒪Д꒪ ))))))))

HornetDamaged: [from a bit of distance] GALAXY MAN, I'M COMING FOR YA

Galaxy: [sees a toy shop] （゜◇゜） [runs to there]

GalaxyScared: [looks around] ((꒪Д꒪ ))

GalaxyScared: (( ꒪Д꒪))

GalaxyHappy: [sees a shelf full of UFO toys] ( ‘∇‘) ! [hides there to blend in with the toys]

HornetDamaged: HMMM... I WONDER WHERE HE IS... HMMMMMMMM... [spots 2 broken TVs on the sidewalk] ...

GalaxyScared: ((( ꒪Д꒪)))

HornetDamaged: [goes to the TV shop and notices all of the broken TVs] ... ...

GalaxyScared: (((( ꒪Д꒪))))

HornetDamaged: Where are you, ya little shit head? [checks phone booth but sees no one]

GalaxyScared: ((((( ꒪Д꒪)))))

HornetRelieved: Man, I'm hungrryyyy. [goes to a hotdog stand and eats a hotdog] Yumm...

GalaxyScared: (((((( ꒪Д꒪))))))

HornetDamaged: [looks at a toy store] Hmmm... I wonder...

GalaxyScared: ((((((( ꒪Д꒪)))))))

HornetRelieved: If that new issue is out today! [goes to a comic store instead and buys a Fantastic Four comic]

GalaxyScared: (((((((( ꒪Д꒪))))))))

HornetRelieved: [reads comic] Hahaha, oh that Galactus.

GalaxyScared: ((((((((( ꒪Д꒪)))))))))

HornetDamaged: WAIT A MINUTE... [goes to toy store]

GalaxyScared: (((((((((( ꒪Д꒪))))))))))

HornetDamaged: AHA! THERE YOU ARE!!!!

GalaxyScared: ((((((((((( ꒪Д꒪))))))))))) [jumps out of the shelf and runs away]

HornetDamaged: [drops an action figure of Robotnik] What the?! [sees Galaxy Man] GRRR!!!!!

GalaxyScared: ヽ（ ゜ロ゜；）ノ

HornetDamaged: GET THEM MY BEES! [sends a swarm towards him]


## <a id="act-4"></a> ACT IV
- - -

HornetDamaged: GET THEM MY BEES! [sends a swarm towards him]

GalaxyScared: (\꒪Д꒪)/ [RUNS FOR HIS DEAR LIFE]

HornetDamaged: YOU CAN RUN BUT YOU CAN'T HIDE... HAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!

Bystanders: [gets caught in the swarm screaming to death] EYAARGHHHH!!!

GalaxyScared: (\゜◇゜)/ [runs quicker]

HornetDamaged: HAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! DIEEEEEEE!!!

GalaxyScared: [notices a huge pool on someone's lawn] （ ゜ロ゜） !

HornetRelieved: WAIT... DON'T... NO!! HEY!!!

GalaxyShocked: [jumps into a pool] ⊙０⊙

HornetDamaged: GET OUT OF THERE!!!

GalaxyHappy: (⊙ヮ⊙)

HornetDamaged: THAT'S CHEATING! BEES CAN'T GO UNDERWATER!!!!

GalaxyHappy: ('v')

HornetDamaged: FUCK YOU!

GalaxyHappy: (￣︶￣)

HornetDamaged: PIECE OF SHIT!

GalaxyHappy: ー(￣︶￣)ノ [swims]

HornetDamaged: YOU'RE PISSING ME OFF, ASSHOLE!!!

(Suddenly something in the pool is slowly peeks out of a hole)

HornetDamaged: [sees it] ... HMHMHMHMHHMHM...

GalaxyHappy: ヽ(￣︶￣)- [still swimming]

HornetDamaged: CAN THE EEL COME OUT TO PLAY?

Galaxy: ー('~')ノ ??

Narrator: The thing in the pool slowly gets out of the hole, revealing that it's an... eel?! WHAT?! ARE YOU SERIOUS? AN EEL IN A POOL?! That's it! I'm done narrating this stupid epilogue. This is too batshit insane for me.

Eel: ＞°）mニニニニ＝～ [pops out of the hole and chases Galaxy Man]

GalaxyShocked: [jumps out of the pool]

HornetDamaged: HAHAHA! DIDN'T THINK YOU WOULD HIDE FOR LONG, DID YA?!

GalaxyScared: (((( ꒪Д꒪;)))) [runs again]

HornetDamaged: GET HIM MY MINIONS! DO NOT LET HIM ESCAPE!!!

GalaxyScared: [sees a gigantic swarm of bees] ((((꒪Д꒪; )))) [runs quicker]

HornetDamaged: RUN ALL YOU WANT, YOU'RE ONLY DELAYING YOUR FATE. HMHMHMHMHMHMHMHHMM...

GalaxyScared: [runs into a dead end brick wall] （゜◇゜） !

GalaxyScared: ((꒪Д꒪; ))

GalaxyScared: (((( ꒪Д꒪;))))

???: psst yo

GalaxyShocked: ヽ(ﾟДﾟ)ﾉ

bee: it's me again

GalaxyShocked: (´д｀)

bee: mayBEE if ya didn't jumped out of the shelf, ya would of saved yo BEEhind

GalaxySad: （´＿｀）

bee: yo life would of have been as sweet as HONEY if you haven't broke that TV

GalaxySad: （；へ：）

bee: but hey mayBEE if yo make it out alive we can hang out and have some BEEr later

GalaxySad: (／。＼)

bee: im guess my puns are such a STINGER to ya, so i should leave now bye

GalaxySad: (／_＼)

HornetDamaged: THERE YOU ARE!!! GET THEM MY BULLET BEES! EAT HIS INSIDES UNTIL HE'S NOTHING BUT A HOLLOW SHELL!! HEHEHAHAHAHAAAAA [sends swarm towards Galaxy Man]

GalaxySad: .・゜゜・（／。＼）・゜゜・．

????: [slices up all of the bees with a katana]

HornetDamaged: HOW THE FUCK?! WHAT?! [sees the guy responsible for killing the bees] NO FUCKING WAY...

Galaxy: (／_＼) ... (゜◇゜) ... (‘∇‘)

Iwata: It's Mii Wara Wara time, bitches.

HornetDamaged: MORE LIKE BII WARA WARA TIME! TOMMY GUN! [makes a gun out of bees and shoots bullet bees from the gun at Iwata]

Iwata: [slices the bullet bees up]

HornetDamaged: GRENADE!! [forms a grenade made of bees and throws it at Iwata]

Iwata: [the bomb explodes right before he even got a chance to slice it; he gets knocked back]

HornetDamaged: HMHMHMHMHMHM... YOU'RE GOING STRAIGHT TO HELL [suddenly gets shot in the back] GACK... WHO THE

Reggie: I'm kicking ass and taking names. [blows smoke from the revolver]

HornetDamaged: WHY YOU...[surrounds himself in bees as armor and then creates a huge swarm of bees and sends them towards Reggie]

Reggie: [spins his revolvers deflecting all of the bees somehow]

HornetDamaged: THIS IS RIDICULOUS! I SHOULD OF HAVE KNOWN BETTER SINCE I'VE WATCHED YOUR SHOW!

Reggie: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

HornetDamaged: [forms a tank made of bees and gets in it] SEE IF YOU CAN HANDLE THIS

Iwata: If you've seen the latest episode of Nintendo Direct then you would know what will happen.

HornetDamaged: FUCK YOU, I DIDN'T EVEN GET TO SEE THE END OF THE SHOW BECAUSE THAT STUPID UFO PIECE OF SHIT BROKE MY TV!!! [SHOOTS BEE MISSILES]

Iwata: [hops on the missiles and then slice the bee tank into thousands of pieces in mid-air]

HornetDamaged: WHAT!? FUCK!!!

Miyamoto: [throws an army of Pikmin at Hornet Man]

HornetDamaged: NO YOU DON'T!! [creates a bee swarm and they kill every Pikmin attacking Hornet Man]

Pikmins: [dies then turns into ghosts floating away... Poor Pikmins RIP]

%[The battle goes on for a long time]

Galaxy: [watching the fight while hiding behind a wall] ┬┴┬┴┤∇‘)... ┬┴┬┴┤◇゜)... ┬┴┬┴┤∇‘)... ┬┴┬┴┤◇゜)... ┬┴┬┴┤∇‘)... ┬┴┬┴┤◇゜)...

Magma: There you are!

GalaxyShocked: (゜◇゜)!

SpikeAnnoyed: [sees the fight] How long have they been fighting?!

PlugScared: uh oh this is not good I think!!! part 4: first blood part 2

KK Slider: WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING YOU MOTHER FUCKERS?

Everyone: [points at the fight]

KK Slider: [goes to a concert stage nearby] Shut the hell up!

Everyone: ...[stops fighting]

KK Slider: You motherfukers all need to calm the fuck down. [sings Super Mario Bros 2 music]

%[KK Slider SMB2 Music]

Everyone in the city: [all start dancing]

HornetDamaged: [is dancing as well] WHAT THE FUCK?! WHY CAN'T I STOP?! THIS IS TOO CATCHY! FUCK!!!

KK Slider: [flies through the skies around the world singing the song]

%Everyone in the world: [world peace] [dance]

%**THE END...?**

EpFin

<script src="assets/js/EpFormatter.js"></script>